Shen Ting came to harm my parents
I had to.
It's all my fault
Blame me for being stubborn
Oops, laissez-faire
Hurt people to listen to cold and you
What do you mean by that?
Sounds like I have you in my heart
More important than my grandfather
Are you saying he can harm your family?
Impossible after Xu went bankrupt three years ago
He came to Yuncheng
Is this all a coincidence?
He went to Yunchang for one purpose
Just to protect you?
Then why did the Xu Group still go bankrupt?
Xu went bankrupt
It has nothing to do with others
No, I don't believe your father was a business wizard
But he has very little experience.
The bachelor's foundation is not returned
He ran out of work.
I couldn't take it anymore
No wonder others
I know my parents
Even bankruptcy
They wouldn't want to commit suicide.
This is me
Ahhhh!
Ahhh
Evil
Ah!
What did you do to make your parents jump off the building to commit suicide?
YES YES YES
God Jade
Is he the beast?
Pardon me?